How dare you hit me?
Hit you what's wrong
I drew that gold medal blueprint
You are shameless and take it for yourself
A slap on your face counts as interest
Do you think there is something wrong with my approach?
Director Li, in fact, we saw it from the beginning
Luoxue Qing's gold award design is plagiarized.
Exactly.
As long as you can draw a new gold award design
We support you.
Do you hear me?
Compared to their interests
You are just a person who can be thrown away at any time
Discarded trash
you
If you wait, I will definitely let my mother educate you
And you, I will definitely make you like neon
Kneel on the ground and beg me for mercy
What do you want?
Your age has taken away the love of falling snow
Will everything be okay?
Do you want to report to Mr. Ye?
There's such a big problem.
It should indeed be reported to Mr. Ye
This is not the way to the design department.
Going to the design department is just my excuse
Only a fool would believe it
Where are you taking me? Help! Fight